added API guidelines and polished the docs in general (#97)
stroeer/tapir: README.md

<div align="center">
  <img src="docs/tapir.png" height="200" alt="tapir"/>
   <h1>tapir</h1>
</div>

![GitHub release (latest by date)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/stroeer/tapir?style=flat-square)

The **T**-online **API** **R**epository contains the interface definitions of t-online APIs that support the [gRPC](https://grpc.io/) protocol. You can use these definitions with open source tools to generate client libraries, documentation and other artifacts.

T-online APIs use [Protocol Buffers](https://github.com/google/protobuf) version 3 (proto3) as their Interface Definition Language (IDL) to define the API interface and the structure of the payload messages.

## Guidelines

> * tapir provides RCP services for accessing editorial content and configuration for rendering t-online products owned by different teams

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* tapir provides an [IDL](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interface_description_language) and RCP services stubs to access editorial content and their configuration. This allows delivering various t-online products developed by independent teams
```

> * RPC services and proto messages are optimized for an efficient development and delivery of those products

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* RPC services and proto messages are optimized for an efficient development and delivery of those products: One of our internal API guideline demands that all the content required to render a page must depend on a single API call.
```

> * different editorial content types and product features are modeled with the same proto messages and concepts to keep the APIs clean and future proof. Examples:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* different editorial content types and product features are modeled by the same proto messages using the same concepts. This allows to keep the APIs _clean_ and future proof. Examples:
```
